I don't know they all four did some good
things today and some bad things besides
some things that are probably very in
Utah so you know I was impressed with
him all through the ball pretty good and
seemed like a new which direction to
turn when they come to snap most of the
time and so and you know a lot of lot of
spirit a lot of enthusiasm I really
liked what I saw defensively it look
like we got lined up we communicated
well that's key and probably we got a
few turnovers a day I don't know what I
mean to i believe but what's good for
one bad for the other one so you know we
just got to keep working and in shorts
and then get a little real football
training when we're getting shoulder
pads and in full gear so you know it's a
process if we have to go through and
we'll have a third day on Friday we have
another day like this on Wednesday third
day on Friday and then one of the one of
the fundamental days which you can
actually tackle bitch percent of the
snaps and a fundamental day if you so
desire we usually don't get that many
but but we will get a little work on
real football fundamental tackling
blocking those kind of things on one
side of right answer
as far as the quarterback battle which
is everybody's going to focus on how
much is spring implanted the decision or
do you think that's one carry on into
the fall you know you'd like to think
you could come up with a guy in the
spring but if you can come out with two
that you think are wanting to are they
pretty if they were to separate
themselves to that to that level you
know one and two or one in 12 guys that
you know we're gonna buy for it if you
got three you've probably got too many
to deal with you know but right now we
got four so we're gonna wreck we got 15
days or 14 more days to try to figure
out who the best couple are out of that
group and if one services and takes it
you know so be it three well we sort of
we got some pretty good some of the some
of the good guys back you know of course
the biggest casualty losing one way we
lost Siderius you know but there I think
there be a similar group of young men
step up you know I cuz we get we got 44
back and he he he lights it up pretty
good and I liked Billy Dobbs he's gonna
be an inside guy thing for us
you